Plan for kunskapskontroll3

We should have same layout using bootstrap based on Eyahya's productlist.php.
CSS: little details like font, padding, margin, button etc...
Product: 3 mobile products(Samsung, Apple, Huaweii) by Kim. All product info should be similar structure. 
Varukorg: Daniel, kassa: Eyahya, order placering: Kim 
If any other member wants to upload another product, you can do that.
Work on bugs




Company name: Mobile Alltech(Reason for this is to show every Mobile type and brands)

Company slogan: Mobile for all(Reason for this is to for every different type of customers)

Company site font: Anton(Title font)   Roboto(base font)   Dancing script(special font)

Company site color: White(background) Yellow(header, footer), green or blue(menu), light gray(top header)
Yellows are good for grabbing the attention of potential shoppers.
People associate the color yellow with optimism and youthfulness.

Company site top header: register, login, mypage

Company site menu: Home   Mobile(Samsung, Apple, Huaweii)  Contact   About us













bug/error/etc neeeds to be fixed:

Login goes to a page where you can choose either user admin or product admin (Daniel can do this). Kim can perhaps fix a link 
that lands on this page from login.php? Useradmin and product admin have links or a way to switch between the to pages  and a 
functioning logout (Eyahya and Daniel)

Varukorg kassa orderhantering (get it to work). Button does not lead to kassa Daniel fix. We need perhaps some sort of 
receipt? Can not see it now.

Work on responsiveness on each page (everyone on their own page)

Perhaps style the buttons? (no decision)

Daniel is still not able to login in through Kims login file but it works for Eyahya. 

Images don´t show. Perhaps Daniel fix images in cart1, kim in product and product list, Eyahya in kassa.


 

Header on all 
pages (each one add headerdaniel to their page)


 

Navbar perhaps a login for admin? (Not resolved)


 

Make product admin and 
users admin more stylistically similar (how not resolved)


 

Perhaps also add image possible in product admin (if you know how 
to do Eyahya? I don´t). Eyahya if possible to do


 

Color for buttons? I think the grey ones on kim’s page are nice, and have red 
for delete (not resolved)


 

Fonts same on all pages (sized etc not resolved)

Top header needs to be fixed for appropriate pages: Like showing username showing logout, mypage links

include Img in admin/productpage

Img not showing problem in public/productlist.php

adminname not shown in landing.php and users.php

fix file path for product delete button in checkout.php

Make email:admin@kontroll3.com  password: 123123123 for your sql. I will fix the login so this id go to admin folder

Unite all css files to one single css: style.css

header.php and headerdaniel.php have different content kind. This needs to be united as one





bug/error/etc neeeds that are fixed:

logo: made by Daniel

userFunctions link in users.php fixed